yo my name is DJ skki and these are the
tracks that I can't leave without my
second so I DJ 10 Emerson Argyle
greystone on the rocks start djing with
DJ am 100-percent hip-hop all day all
night yo to get this popping I would
start with feel right by Mark Ronson
featuring mystical
banging ass James Brown sounded beat
with the New Orleans wrap this should
sick definitely check out moves to make
myself up your problem sunday a bitch
i'ma CJ we got an ill greedy beat the
rafts is hardcore it takes you back to
the 90 won't be disappointed definitely
gotta check out Tanaka's to on remix by
discotheques
up-tempo Hill House tech sound and beat
to it knocks in the club's sound clash
by Flosstradamus and Troy boy and this
one is sound clash between trap music
jamaican reggae vocals when it drops
it's crazy people just go bananas over
it game over hands down best track in
the club's stand for me J monster remix
high dollar signs no no electro hybrid
hip hop hardcore rap bringing bottle
let's take shots everybody had a good
time party let's make it happen yo if
you see me up there DJ make sure you
come with some new tracks spinnin
I'm standing
you